Morris is dead you deliver the max or
fill us up the shock of his life
call my showing off your feeling
I am just a using so sorry
reduction she died finish have made
their ultimate breakthrough at least
wash it down with rinse agent built in
introducing the new finished Powerball
two in one tab first the tab delivers
the perfect clean and only then the
Powerball releases the exact amount of
rings agent to achieve a dazzling shine
new finish powerball two in one with
built-in rinse agent this Christmas
atomic you'll find our prices are even
lower than last year like this 40 have
seen Hotpoint washing machine at 150
pounds lower August TV video combi now
under a hundred and fifty pounds or even
this proline DVD player now 35 pounds
lower how's that for a Christmas present
lowering prices this Christmas that
comic sense either slightly texting
lifestyle just relaxing can be thirsty
work going out so I drink lip over can
be three it's refreshing and also
contains B vitamins and Tory sharpen
your edge
American Beauty only Don video DVD on
November the 27th
our kind of person
your kind of plan
wakey-wakey open the door a micro pizza
now there are two new varieties to tempt
you ham and mushroom and spicy chicken
vbd it's a movie on the disc the size of
a CD with breathtaking digital pictures
and the stomping regional surround sound
it's an experience so real you can feel
it choose from thousands of movies with
over 100 classic titles now available
from a great price of $12.99 do I count
from polar I mum wants me to win the
lottery
that hurts on the Minn
a la vaca
Gina harmful but that are from the wall
and a car with a mind of its own
what more could anyone want it's not
what you want it's what you want to keep
that makes insurance important and
Britain's largest insurer as nice you
know
together we're stronger night union HIV
is everywhere everything aids go away of
liberalism relational some things I
think maybe this is how the world is
going to end
laughs in the 21st century now and for
and it's a porno mag sugar for an
unsuspecting Latasha little